README.md, before:

# Angular2CliScss

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.0.0-beta.31.
Using 'ng new angular-cli-scss -style=scss'

## Development server
Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive/pipe/service/class/module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Added explenation for building for produciton and generate service worker, also added explanation of how to host static '/dist/ folder using live-server

README.md, after:

# Angular2CliScss

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.0.0-beta.31.
Using 'ng new angular-cli-scss -style=scss'

## Development server
Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive/pipe/service/class/module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

Run 'npm run sw' to build service-worker.js file. This file will be stored in the 'dist/' directory.

Run 'npm run prod' to build for production build and automatic generate service-worker.js file.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Running production build using live-server
Install live-server using 'npm install -g live-server'.
Run 'npm run static-serve' to start a live-server hosting the static files found in '/dev' on 'http://localhost:4300'. 

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
